

Writing Test :

How much time do peaple spend on their phones ?

On average, people spend about 3 hours and 50 minutes a day on their smartphones.

This can change on age, job, and culture. For example, young people usually spend more time on phones than older people.

People use phones for like media social, games, or work. In general, they check phones about 58 times a day.

It’s important to be careful with how much time we spend on our phones to keep a good balance with other daily activities.

How much time do you spend time on your phone ?

Today, I use a phone 5h average, beacause  my phone is important, i have my life inside.

What are the disabanvatages of to much exposure to phone ?

He has very lot disabanvatages of to much exposure to phone, he has blue light witch dommage eyes, no communication direct for the peaple, the phone create a tentation drogues, the phone contains bactéries witch danger for the environment and the peaple and the production phone entraîne the big carbon dioxide emissions.

5 things a french citizer must do.

The 5 things a french citizer must do, he has declare and pay taxes, register and vote et service obligations.

3 things you night do in christmas.

The 3 things you night do in christmas, Decorate the home, share a festive meal and exchange gifts.

3 things you used to do in the past





Note:




| Informal         | Formal                                                                   |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Hi               | Hello/Good morning                                                       |
| Can i help you ? | How may i help you ? How can i assist you ?                              |
| Thanks           | Thank you : you are welcome/ my pleasure/ Don't mention it/ Sir / Madame |
| Boss             | The head of the company (CEO)                                            |
|                  |                                                                          |
|                  |                                                                          |

Interviewer -> interwiewee (le coandidat)
gratuted(verb)
currently = actuellement (adv)
How do you manage (handel) strees?
ful-time or part-time job

adj + ing = what it makes me feel
adj + ed = describe the feeling







1. Please can you introduce yourself ?
2. How did you find about this job ?
3. Where are you currently working ?
4. How long have you been at MNS ?
5.  What is your biggest weakness ?
6. What is your biggest strength ?
7. How do you manage situations ?  
8. Do you have some questions about this job ?






